[Music]
okay I would like to welcome all of you
to my first brown beauty makeup party
okay this is a very wonderful sight job
in which I sell makeups and instead of
me introducing myself to you I'm going
to ask my daughter Mimi if she will do
the honors we did no mini thanks to all
that shoulder for the brown beauty
makeup is big at mini speak up I have a
pleasure to introduce you to miss his
baby crews expert and makeup application
and technique she has years of
experience and is proud to apply the
best brown beauty products to your
thirsty desperate and jaded skin whether
you're brown on our products instantly
change to match your skin color exactly
and bring it to a healthy vibrant
shimmering glow let's start with
foundation who would like to apply brown
beauty's also natural okay I'll do it
yes for you I have the best color this
one
now remember when you put this on you
have to use these fingers here upward
upward strokes always upward apart I
think this is nice and next is the
perming cream who would like to
volunteer to try this one
[Music]
what you doing Oh what is the purpose of
this that is so your pace can pimp
ration invigorating but you have to
leave it on for three hours or else you
will not get that brown beauty glow I
would like to take it up now it's a
shame just leave it on okay now that I
have shown you how to become a brown
beauty you can order as much as you like
I don't want to order five bottles
please you know if you order Padmore you
will become so Brown all you will turn
around
good nice anyway I think that all of you
should become makeup consultants under
me for example my daughter Minnie will
be the youngest one ending so much money
through brown Beauty right my daughter
Oh
[Music]
you see this is a pyramid I am at the
top and you all are here and whoever is
underneath you whenever they earn money
you will earn money to Lulu I can't
believe it mommy it's hard to believe it
believe it or not this a stir
ok let's start with getting your money
first and then we sign you up to be
consult on
the spin be sure to wear your hop slip
[Music]
the Shasta Oh
stale it's an awkward piece okay okay
now that I have okay now that I have
shown you how to become a brown okay not
referring to right are as fuzzing is
buzzing is pleasant and I'm dancing I'm
dancing